Added filtering on datetime for queue element creation times (#88)
itk-dev-rpa/OpenOrchestrator: changelog.md

- 'Pausing' status added to triggers.
- Disabling a 'Running' trigger in Orchestrator will set its status to 'Pausing'.
- Scheduler will change a 'Pausing' trigger to 'Paused' when the process is done.

> - Queues can now be filtered by 'Created Date'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Queue elements can now be filtered by 'Created Date'.
```
